So in the previous lecture we understood what is container definition and what is task definition.
So let's continue.
So in container definition, let me choose this one nginx and you can see it has taken the latest
image of nginx and also you can see few attributes like your memory as well as your CPU.
If you want to customize this container definition here, we have an option edit.
If we'll click here, it will provide you all the details or we can say you will have more options.
Here we have this soft limit and hard limit and port mapping.
Is 80.
So let me go with the default option and this is the task definition.
So how many task you want to execute?
So by default it is going to create one task to execute this docker image means it is going to create
one container.
Here we have all the details.
Now the next is service.
A service allows you to run and maintain a specified number that desired count of simultaneously instances
of a task service in an ECS cluster.
So how many tasks is going to be executed for this container definition?
Now we have the Docker image for that.
We have created the task and the task we have just defined the container and now we have the service.
So basically service is going to manage your task.
Suppose your container is running, it means your task is running.
So we need some service or we can say some resources.
Who is going to manage your task?
Suppose if in case your task has been stop, your service is always checking the task.
The task is down immediately.
Create a new container or we can see a new task which has been stopped.
So in simple words, a service is going to manage your tasks and you can also define how many desired
tasks required.
Suppose if you have mentioned 2.
So when you create the cluster, it is going to create 2 tasks for the Docker image.
And also you can define the load balancing here.
So if you want to create application load balancer, you can choose here as well so that I will discuss
in the latter lectures.
So as of now I'm going to choose none.
And next and next is to configure your cluster.
The infrastructure in a Fargate cluster is fully managed by AWS.
So you have created suppose 2 tasks.
So at the back end the two containers will be executed and obviously there would be 2 EC2 instances
who is going to manage your container?
But as a system admin or as the application user or developer user, you are not supposed to manage
the EC2 instances even you do not have the access to those machines.
You are not supposed to see those machines as well.
That is completely managed by the AWS.
Your containers run without you managing and configuring individual Amazon EC2 service.
Now here you need to give the cluster name and giving cluster-demo and by default it is going
to create a new VPC and also it will provide few subnets in that.
But the ideal condition is that you need to create your own VPC.
And in that VPC you can define the subnets.
So in the latter lectures I will show you how to create the VPC and then when I'm going to create this
cluster, I will show you how we can assign the VPC to your cluster.
So here I'm just click on next.
So here it will give you a review to the settings which you have given for this cluster like container
definition, task definition, service and cluster.
So you can review before creating the cluster.
So everything seems fine.
It is going to create a cluster with the new VPC ID.
And create so there are 9 tasks.
And here you can see it is creating your cluster and it is doing a step by step.
So here you can see few resources have been created immediately because those resources are not dependent
with others.
And you can see it is taking some time.
We are creating resources for your service.
This may take up to 10 minutes.
When we are complete, you can view your service.
So that's all for this lecture.
In the next lecture, we'll see how this cluster looks.